FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
--------------------------
Of course, no one yet asked anything, but consider this a sort of extended
README, only each statement is shorter and to the point, and also not always
directly related to the project itself. Yet I think it would help understand
it better.

  Have you use DOCK it yourself?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  Yes. As of March 23, 2022 - it's probably been a year and a half since I
  wrote the first version of the `dock` script that I immediately started
  using. I never liked Docker, especially when it was imposed on teams. The
  win was supposed to be easy on-boarding, but the price was constant image
  updates and misery for the rest of the team.

  This tool, `dock`, on the other hand, doesn't care about anyone else on the
  team using it. So I thought I wanted something that no one could object.
  `dock` is meant for developer machines first and foremost.


  Why not just use Docker and some aliases?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  There are some aliases that I use, they're actually mentioned in README.
  But, firstly, I wanted just one command, so I don't have to adjust every
  time and google it. If I needed a Python env, I'd make one myself - with
  my own shell and Vim settings and all of that. My personal experience was:
  I spent a lot of time in a terminal, so it makes sense to make a good base
  image with all the right tools mounted into it. NOTE: the nice bash utils
  are mounted, they're not part of the base image.


  Why write it in Bash?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  Because it's everywhere. Bash outlived a lot of things, it doesn't change
  much and POSIX tools are available on every UNIX system. Dependencies are
  minimal. Bash isn't really scary, just annoying sometimes. So why would I even
  rely on Docker in the future, when I can add other container engines?


  Why not host it on Github or Gitlab?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  Short answer: I don't care. Also, I'd like to try and migrate to Fossil SCM.
  Yet another reason is that ALL OF IT wasn't mean to be this way...
  The internet, I mean. It has become centralized to the point where it's simply
  impossible to fetch any information if you, say, disable Javascript or
  enable some other ad-blockers and fingerprint-blockers. This repository is
  just a tiny step towards detaching from all the social media. Those
  who care, will care.


  How can I contribute?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  Send me an email with a link to your cloned repository, no matter where
  it's hosted. Or I might send an invitation to register on my Gitea instance.
  Contact details can be found in the ./MAINTAINERS file.

  You can also request a feature or report a bug. It would be greatly
  appreciated if along with those requests you sent a donation. But please email
  first in that case, if you want to make sure something is done exactly
  the way you want.

  All other donations without any requests attached are appreciated even more
  and should be sent to this Bitcoin address:

      bc1qdlmcllxhdydt8ghnf0nhwz78n4c8lutncxhdfu


  Are there other useful images for dock?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  Yes, their release depends on donations I manage to gather. I have
  images for PHP, Ruby, Python, Bitcoin Core, Wireguard + TOR + Privoxy,
  and some others too. They need some additional preparation, as well as
  a bit of documentation written. This takes time and time is money.


  If there's no forum, issues or any way to have a group discussion,
  how would communication in software projects work?
  ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  That's one of those things I've been thinking about and why I decided not
  to have a blog post or a page with comments or a Github account. I think
  good communities are small and select their members wisely. They're not
  shiny forums with avatars and endless captchas you need to solve to even
  sign up. They're something else.


P.S.
----

If you'd like to know more, you can ask (email). But I can't promise you
I respond. Good things need good people and funding and none shall be seeking
profit. I'm not counting on donations much, only myself. When I can,
I'll be moving things forward on my own. I don't think I want Merge Requests
flying in my direction right now, that' wouldn't be helpful.

The reasons I decided to release this software now is because it's been a year
and a half since I've been using it myself and I thought the moment was right
to do that - and maybe help other people too - in multiple ways.

Don't be thinking this isn't selfish. Nothing isn't. Most of the time we are
blissfully ignorant of our true motivations. The hope is that our own ignorance
is our unexpected virtue as well.
